Currently, the predominant business model for commercial search engines is advertising. The goals of the advertising business model do not always correspond to providing quality search to users. For example, in our prototype search engine one of the top results for cellular phone is "The Effect of Cellular Phone Use Upon Driver Attention", a study which explains in great detail the distractions and risk associated with conversing on a cell phone while driving. This search result came up first because of its high importance as judged by the PageRank algorithm, an approximation of citation importance on the web [Page, 98]. It is clear that a search engine which was taking money for showing cellular phone ads would have difficulty justifying the page that our system returned to its paying advertisers. For this type of reason and historical experience with other media [Bagdikian 83], we expect that advertising funded search engines will be inherently biased towards the advertisers and away from the needs of the Consumers.
there is program memory, very roughly an array of bytes. Compilers generally can not reason about the contents of the memory very well, because it is shared by all the functions, and different functions might interpret the contents of the memory differently.
I haven’t worked on backends of production optimizing compilers, so the following will not be academically correct, but these models are definitely helpful at least to me!
On the other hand, if you want to make a useful search engine for a small number of users, that seems easier than ever because Google returns worse results than it used to for many queries. In our test queries, we saw a number of queries where many or most top results were filled with SEO garbage, a problem that was significantly worse than it was a decade ago, even before the rise of LLMs and that continues to get worse. I typically use search engines in a way that doesn't run into this, but when I look at what "normal" users query or if I try naive queries myself, as I did in this post, most results are quite poor, which didn't used to be true.
Another place Google now falls over for me is when finding non-popular pages. I often find that, when I want to find a web page and I correctly remember the contents of the page, even if I do an exact string search, Google won't return the page. Either the page isn't indexed, or the page is effectively not indexed because it lives in some slow corner of the index that doesn't return in time. In order to find the page, I have to remember some text in a page that links to the page (often many clicks removed from the actual page, not just one, so I'm really remembering a page that links to a page that links to a page that links to a page that links to a page and then using archive.org to traverse the links that are now dead), search for that, and then manually navigate the link graph to get to the page. This basically never happened when I searched for something in 2005 and rarely happened in 2015, but this now happens a large fraction of the time I'm looking for something. Even in 2015, Google wasn't actually comprehensive. Just for example, Google search didn't index every tweet. But, at the time, I found Google search better at searching for tweets than Twitter search and I basically never ran across a tweet I wanted to find that wasn't indexed by Google. But now, most of the tweets I want to find aren't returned by Google search4, even when I search for "[exact string from tweet] site:twitter.com". In the original Page Rank paper, Sergei and Larry said "Because humans can only type or speak a finite amount, and as computers continue improving, text indexing will scale even better than it does now." (and that, while machines can generate an effectively infinite amount of content, just indexing human-generated content seems very useful). Pre-LLM, Google certainly had the resources to index every tweet as well as every human generated utterance on every public website, but they seem to have chosen to devote their resources elsewhere and, relative to its size, the public web appears less indexed than ever, or at least less indexed than it's been since the very early days of web search.
Back when Google returned decent results for simple queries and indexed almost any public page I'd want to find, it would've been very difficult for an independent search engine to return results that I find better than Google's. Marginalia in 2016 would've been nothing more than a curiosity for me since Google would give good-enough results for basically anything where Marginalia returns decent results, and Google would give me the correct result in queries for every obscure page I searched for, something that would be extremely difficult for a small engine. But now that Google effectively doesn't index many pages I want to search for, the relatively small indices that independent search engines have doesn't make them non-starters for me and some of them return less SEO garbage than Google, making them better for my use since I generally don't care about real-time results, don't need fancy NLP (and find that much of it actually makes search results worse for me), don't need shopping integrated into my search results, rarely need image search with understanding of images, etc.
The comment claims that chapter 1 explains why wider tires have more grip, but I couldn't find an explanation anywhere in the book. Chapter 1 does note that race cars typically run wider tires than passenger cars and that passenger cars are moving towards having wider tires and it make some comments about slip angle that give a sketch of an intuitive reason for why you'd end up with better cornering with a wider contact patch, but I couldn't find a comment that explains differences in braking. Also, the book notes that the primary reason for the wider contact patch is that it (indirectly) allows for more less heat buildup, which then lets you design tires that operate over a narrower temperature range, which allows for softer rubber. That may be true, but it doesn't explain much of the observed behavior one might wonder about.
A knowledge card that reads "Smaller transistors can do more calculations without overheating, which makes them more power efficient.", which isn't exactly wrong but also isn't what I'd consider an answer of why. The article is interesting, but is about another topic and doesn't explain why.
Very ad-laden article, but does have a map which has map that's labeled "winter precipitation" which appears to be about snow and not rain. Map seems quite different from Environment Canada's map, but it does snow reduced "winter precipitation" over Vancouver, so you might conclude the right thing from this map.
Emacs Copilot helps you do pair programming with a local-running LLM that generates code completions within Emacs buffers. The LLM is run as a sub-command that remembers your local editing history on a file by file basis. Tokens stream into your buffer without delay as gen'd and you can hit C-g to interrupt your LLM at any time. History and memory can also be deleted from the LLM's context when deleting code from your Emacs buffer that matches up verbatim. Copilot is language agnostic and your programming language is determed by file extension
One really good LLM right now is WizardCoder 34b since it scores the same as GPT-4 on HumanEval. You need a computer like a Mac Studio M2 Ultra in order to use it. If you have a mere Macbook Pro, then try the Q3 version. If you have a modest PC then you could consider downloading the WizardCoder-Python-13b llamafile since it's almost as good, and will even go acceptably fast on CPU-only systems having at least AVX2 and 2200 MT/s RAM. If you're even more strapped for compute and use things like Raspberry Pi, then give Phi-2 a spin
Then place your caret at the end of the line, and press C-c C-k to hand over control to your LLM, which should generate the rest of the function implementation for you. Things are also tuned so the LLM is likely to stop as soon as a function is made. Explanations and other kind of ELI5 commentary is avoided too.